fix(component prefilling): added to design v2 (#551)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/reference-docs/document/document-design/_index.md

  - `cssProperty` for `doc-style`
  - Other design directives are currently not supported.
- `matches` defines an array of component.directive pairs from which the content should be synced into the metadata field. E.g. for a component named "title" that has a doc-editable directive "title", you would write "title.title". When `type` is set to `cssProperty` one can define which CSS property to extract, e.g. `color`.

### Component Prefilling

Livingdocs supports two types of component prefilling; author and author-email.

Adding a component prefilling array to your `design_settings.js` file will enable the feature:

```js

> prefilledComponents: [{

Reviewer: I reviewed some document PRs recently with configs and I think it's much clearer if you show the whole Project Config object (you could fix that in the whole file).

<<<<
You can enable Prefilled Components by adding them to the Design Settings.

```js
{
  v: 2,
  ...
  designSettings: {
    prefilledComponents: [{
      component: 'title',
      content: [{
        directive: 'author',
        value: 'author', // can be 'author' or 'author-date'
        type: 'computed'
      }]
    }]
  }
}
```
<<<<

    component: 'title',
    content: [{
      directive: 'author',
      value: 'author', // can be 'author' or 'author-date'
      type: 'computed'
    }]
  }]
```

> Make sure you then have a directive in your component which can be prefilled, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a second step, you have to add a Design Component `title` which contains a directive `author`. After that when you add the `title` component to a document, the `author` should be prefilled automatically.
```
